hey guys what's up ads up buck and today
I'm gonna be showing you how to install
games on your iPod from iTunes from the
IPAs that you got for me so first you
want to plug in your iPod via USB or
whatever way you can think of
you just gotta wait for it then you want
to open up iTunes
and in the library here you want click
apps which I'm ready there and you want
to find your iPod Touch games we tell
your iPod recognizes
there we go and I'm technically X and
once you find it like I'm going to use
need for you undercover and just want to
drag it copy it there and then you can
just click get info now show you how big
it is what version it is and all like
good stuff then you want to go your iPod
you don't click apps you go to fourth
page should be there so you want to find
and
just wanna find need for speed should be
checked for you already but sometimes
it's not and you just want to find it in
right here you want to check it you
should show up and you won't click apply
and I'll say sniffing your iPod and you
want to transfer
you know I'll do that might take a while
depending on how big the game is this is
just 93 MB
and since I had transfers I know updated
stuff it'll transfer but I'm a pause the
video wait till this is done because
it's going to take a while now say
installing Need for Speed undercover
there you go it's gone to the end it's
cynics it's got to wait for it to cynic
there you go cynic is complete and then
you can disconnect it and now you can
use your app alright so once you got
your new copy you want to take it out
checked it and you just want to bring it
to your thing
kit and you got your thing and you want
to scroll to the fourth page or third
page and there you'll see it need for
speed you want to click on it and there
you go
and it's loads when you go for the
beginning story and all stuff it's going
to click done if you want to skip it
no show you the controls not start as
like a beginning for your controls
alright and it's about it thanks for
watching and comment below tell me what
I don't know what I need I'm actually
you want you to upload what I should
upload and remember to subscribe thanks
for watching
you